so I think gaming it was a fun movie
they killed me with that frito-lay joke
and it's one that I give a solid Renta
to I think you should watch it with your
friends on a game night and considering
that it's one that's really heavy on
twists and turns a lot of people in my
screening we're laughing throughout the
movie and then they left at the end
talking like crazy frog
let me explain you got three main
couples these two are the competitive
bunch who met at Bar trivia they had a
DDR machine at their wedding they're
always playing games and are very
competitive in order to win and they
pretty much do except when it comes to
having a baby these two spend the whole
movie wondering who cheated on who with
a fake Denzel and these two or these two
urges funny trailer pretty much breaks
down that the competitive dudes brother
is coming over but he's even more
competitive since he's always been the
successful brother he's like the
entrepreneur and when he comes over he's
like screw monopoly in your boring game
night I might get kidnapped than all of
you guys need to find me turns out that
this is like an actual thing that you
can do in real life like pay a mystery
Center to do this for you but I mean
after this movie probably not everyone's
excited to play the game because he's
offering up his brand-new car shows
three keys no Ryan the whole car thing
is is that somebody else comes to kidnap
the brother before the entertainment
people do and it turns out to the
brother ain't even an entrepreneur but a
smuggler who's got more enemies than
Drake so the three couples now find
themselves trying not to get killed but
to go save the brother
only to realize as they go through all
of these perilous acts that it was all
set up by the neighbor what turns out
that their neighbor cop played
excellently by Matt Damon jr. used to
attend their game nights back in the day
and he used to be cool with them but
then his wife left them and he became
weird her his massive plan once he hears
what the brother is doing which he like
magically finds out is to create the
ultimate game night even better than
that by using ex-cons who he shortens
their sentence for all the guns and
props that he has are fake except for
the brothers hence the bloody cat and he
sets up this massive cat-and-mouse chase
for his friends so that at the end he
can die a hero by saving them so they
can finally admit to him we're sorry
buddy we'll invite you to game night
then he what wipes off to catch up blood
and goes thanks that's all I wanted
here of course you know cops maybe have
done worse things in real life but you
know this is a movie and I guess it
makes sense since he has all that Intel
that they give to cops and you know
they're not running background checks to
make sure that he's stable but well
really had to be going what is the fact
that as a cop he would know that the
brother is into smuggling it's got a lot
of background to him I mean it's in his
research Bateman types it up in his
computer the brother literally says it
to his crew that he's a criminal and so
even though this whole thing is the cops
game to get back at his friends the
actual crime lord is still out there and
he appears at the end played by dexter
of all people and the movie goes back
into being that non serious thriller
so to recap since you know there's a
bunch of game nights going on there's
really a total of three the smuggler
brother comes over and he has his fake
game night that doesn't go through
because they arrive late the neighbor
cops is the main fake game night which
does go through since you know he's
doing it also his friends can love him
again the last one is is really just
more of a kidnapping because the crime
lord appears because he's looking for a
piece of paper with witness protection
info and he needs to kill them
this one does result in dead people but
you see by the end of it all the three
game nights were really just meant to
mend things
the brothers game night turns out was
supposed to be all a set up and it was
rigged for his brother to win the car
since the keys were always in his pocket
and luckily never fell outs the cop just
wanted to be reunited with his comrades
and rejoined the group and Dexter just
needed another job at the end the
brothers semi leaves his life of crime
both couples unites the main couple has
their baby through charades and we
learned that you should always always
invite your neighbor to game nights just
stick to monopoly thank you guys for
checking out this video as always let me
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section let me know what your
favorite joke was like I said mine was
the Frito Lays joke I thought it was the
one that stood out the most that happens
like earlier in the movie but I thought
was a solid film it's dust takes place
like in a dumb little universe since
everything's not necessarily real so it
makes some of the stakes and that as
high as they should be but I'm curious
know your thoughts on this movie let me
know any other movies want me to cover
it down below in the comments section
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I will send you that three
for one free delay deal